CASM-5719: Document RR as experimental, use-at-your-own-risk technology preview (#6277)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/rack_resiliency/README.md

- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)

## Attention: RR is experimental

In CSM 1.7.0, Rack Resiliency is **experimental** and **use-at-your-own-risk**. It is offered

> as a technology preview for administrators who wish to try it in a non-production environment.

Author: ```suggestion
as a technology preview for administrators who wish to evaluate it in a non-production environment.
```

> as a technology preview for administrators who wish to evaluate it in a non-production environment.

Reviewer: non-production -> test for consistency

Author: ```suggestion
as a technology preview for administrators who wish to evaluate it in a test environment.
```
